fix: Feedback(3) addressed by adding installation guide, adding example in usage and providing basic definition to outputs on README (#87)
UBC-MDS/quanteda: README.md

## Installation

### For User

> To install the package, run the command pip install quanteda

Reviewer: I think it would be useful if this was a copy-able command like the others below

```suggestion
To install the package, run the following command from the terminal
```bash
pip install quanteda
```

```

Author: totally agreed!  Thanks for catching it.

### For Developers

1. Clone this repository.

```bash
 git clone git@github.com:UBC-MDS/quanteda.git
 cd quanteda/
``` 

2. Install the virtual environment.

```bash
 conda env create -f environment.yml
```

3. Activate the installed environment:

```bash
 conda activate quanteda
```    

4. Install the package.

```bash
 poetry install
```
## Usage

### Using this package
To use this package, import and call the functions in Python. Below is an example:

> ```bash

Reviewer: I think this would help the code's color be more python-like
```suggestion
```python
```

Author: Great suggestions! I updated it accordingly. Thanks very much!
